Hi.
Jogi, how are you?
Good.
Hello.
How are you?
Hi.
We're bringing dinner to brother O's family tonight, and I needed a few more things.
It's been so hard for them, you know.
They don't know how long she'll be in the hospital.
Mom, mom, mom, can I get this one?
No.
Please put it back.
I want it.
Please, mom.
Okay.
But only if you're good.
I want to go now.
Mom, can we go?
Mom, mom.
Mom, I want to go, please.
I'll let you go.
We'll talk later.
I'm sorry.
I want to go, mom.
Please.
Mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom.
Can I get this, mom?
I'm sorry.
One minute.
Now, honey, did we already get a snack for later?
And do you remember what we came to get at the store?
Yes.
Okay.
So please put that bag.
When I'm done talking to sister, Jui, we can go.
Okay.
Jehovah that we can play against soon.
He will make the paradise so we can have fun every day and every basic.
There will be animals and lots of cats.
Jehovah, hey.
We're leaving for the meeting soon.
Come on, let's get ready.
We've got ten minutes.
I don't want to go.
And I'm sorry.
What was that?
I don't want to go.
What does Jehovah want you to do?
I don't know.
Does he want it to be so boring?
Maybe you should pay attention more.
And it won't be so boring.
Okay?
Let's go.
Jehovah, you're in my house.
So you do what we all do.
Right?
Tonight, we're going to the meeting.
Now, come on.
Jehovah, hey.
We're leaving for the meeting soon.
We've got ten minutes.
Come on, let's get ready.
I don't want to go.
Jehovah, did you say that you don't want to go?
Can you tell me why?
It's boring.
Ah, well, it is a lot of sitting.
But you didn't always feel this way, did you?
No, so what changed?
Dear friends, think it's boring?
What friends?
Oh, I see.
Would you hope I want to hear more about this tonight
when we get home?
Assess Jehovah for help.
And then, let's get ready.